Fix IDFA notes in device properties section (#3297)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/storage.md

* Device Model
* Device OS Version
* IDFV
* Push Enabled
* Device Time Zone
* Push Auth Status
* Ad Tracking Enabled

> {% alert note %} IDFA is not collected automatically by the SDK and may optionally be passed to Braze by implementing Braze's `ABKIDFADelegate` protocol after obtaining explicit tracking opt-in from the end user through the App Tracking Transparency framework. {% endalert %}

Reviewer: Optional nit which makes it sound a bit less awkward

```suggestion
{% alert note %} IDFA is not collected automatically by the SDK and may optionally be passed to Braze by implementing Braze's `ABKIDFADelegate` protocol after the end user explicitly opts-in to tracking through the App Tracking Transparency framework. {% endalert %}
```
